The List tab allows you to view and manage all active projects.
The AVAILABLE PROJECTS (/TASK)  section lists available projects assigned to you.
The SELECTED PROJECTS / (TASKS) section lists all active projects in your timesheet.
These projects appear in the PROJECTS column dropdown menu of your timesheet.
To include a project in your timesheet, it must be in the SELECTED PROJECTS (/TASKS) list.
Typically, your timesheet administrator sets these projects by default.
However, you may need to update this list if you receive a new project code or if an old project is no longer active, as Unanet does not remove these by default.
To add a project to your timesheet, select it from the AVAILABLE PROJECTS (/TASKS) list and click the Right Arrow icon.
To remove a project, select it from the SELECTED PROJECTS (/ TASKS) list and click the Left Arrow icon.
Click the Save button to apply your changes.